## Welcome 

I created this page to journal about my journey toward becoming a Tezos blockchain developer. The dot tk top-level domain is for Tokelau, a territory of New Zealand. I used it because it was free and available; unbelievable. But, TK is also used by editors to indicate that more material is "to come" and will be added at a later time. So it is appropriate to use here. One can always find meaning if you look hard enough.

### Beginnings
* **Pep Talk** - My advice to individuals starting a journey like mine is to focus on substance and tune out opinions. The world of blockchains, cryptocurrencies, and distributed ledgers is full of hype and BS. Few understand anything about the technology and resort to sound bites and marketing material to pick their team. Most of the discourse on social media centers around judging the merits of the various projects by comparing crytocurrency and token prices. If you lived through the dot com bubble of the late 90s and early 2000s you understand that there is a very real disconnect between asset prices and fundemental value in the cyrpto-space right now. But, just like back then, there is something real at the foundations that will transform the future. So focus on the substance at the roots. Pick a project and do a deep dive. I chose Tezos because I like its governance structure (on-chain protocol undates that are actually working), its level of decentralization, its economic model, its proof-of-stake consensus model, and the community that is growing around it.
* **Best All-Around Introduction to Tezos** - [This paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08458.pdf) by Victor Allombert, Mathias Bourgoin, and Julien Tesson from Nomadic Labs is a better introduction than the [Tezos whitepaper](https://tezos.com/static/white_paper-2dc8c02267a8fb86bd67a108199441bf.pdf).
* **A Good Book on Blockchain Theory** - [Mastering Blockchain](https://www.amazon.com/Mastering-Blockchain-distributed-consensus-cryptocurrencies/dp/1839213191) by Imran Bashir is a pretty good overview of blockchain basics with a focus on Bitcoin and Etherium. It is on the technical side but not in a good way if that makes any sense. There is a lot of jargon and figures that don't have much utility if you are uninitiated in cryptography, P2P networks, ecetra. But overall it taught me a lot.
*  **Best Introduction to Michelson** - Michelson is the language of smart contracts on the Tezos blockchain. If you have never worked with opcode or stack-based computer programming before it is going to be strange at first. [These Jupyter notebooks](https://github.com/baking-bad/michelson-labs) by Baking Bad run on a Michelson Kernel and are the best introduciton to Michelson I've found. Of course, I have extensive experience with Jupyter (using Python) so that helped.
